Mk 6885: Final hydra documentation clean up and review (#14)
oduameh/hydra: docs/docs/tutorial/index.md

# Open a head on testnet

> This tutorial demonstrates how to use `hydra-node` on Cardano's `preprod` testing environment to open a layer 2 state channel between two participants using the Hydra head protocol. We'll also use [Mithril](https://mithril.network) for fast node bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to use `hydra-node` on Cardano's `pre-production` testing environment to open a layer 2 state channel between two participants using the Hydra Head protocol. We'll also use [Mithril](https://mithril.network) for fast node bootstrapping.
```

## Step 1. Connect to Cardano

> The Hydra head protocol requires a connection to Cardano layer 1 to verify and post protocol transactions in a trustless way. Start by setting up a `cardano-node` on the public testnet. With Mithril, you can skip synchronizing the whole history and get started quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hydra Head protocol requires a connection to Cardano layer 1 to verify and post protocol transactions in a trustless way. Start by setting up a `cardano-node` on the public testnet. With Mithril, you can skip synchronizing the whole history and get started quickly.
```
